---
title: TMC Meeting Minutes 2018-12-14
---

[11:01] &lt;tfr42&gt; Hello everyone!  
[11:01] &lt;tfr42&gt; TMC meeting will start soon  
[11:02] == copierrj [d586f347@gateway/web/freenode/ip.213.134.243.71] has joined #deegree  
[11:03] &lt;copierrj&gt; hi  
[11:03] &lt;dstenger&gt; Hello  
[11:04] &lt;tfr42&gt; Everyone can join the voice channel on google talk: https://hangouts.google.com/call/4Z-inQgO02R8KGxsPJ-6AEEI  
[11:04] &lt;tfr42&gt; hi  
[11:05] &lt;tfr42&gt; Are we complete?  
[11:05] &lt;copierrj&gt; probably  
[11:05] &lt;copierrj&gt; let's continue  
[11:06] &lt;tfr42&gt; What is on our agenda for today?  
[11:06] &lt;tfr42&gt; Open PR  
[11:07] &lt;tfr42&gt; Pick up release cycle and prepare a release 3.4.4 (was wrong during chat 3.4.5 but is 3.4.4!)   
[11:08] &lt;tfr42&gt; chat log of last TMC meeting https://github.com/deegree/deegree3/wiki/tmc-meeting-minutes-20181130  
[11:08] &lt;tfr42&gt; The issue with the Travis CI problem is resolved  
[11:09] &lt;tfr42&gt; Decide on the time window for those PR which we have label "marked for deletion"  
[11:13] &lt;tfr42&gt; We need a notification of users and developers on the mailing list, that we will close open PR with label "marked for deletion" soon.  
[11:13] &lt;tfr42&gt; Proposed deadline is next TMC meeting in 2019. OK?  
[11:13] &lt;copierrj&gt; +1  
[11:13] &lt;tfr42&gt; +1  
[11:13] &lt;dstenger&gt; +1  
[11:15] &lt;tfr42&gt; I can prepare the email with the announcement.  
[11:16] &lt;copierrj&gt; https://github.com/deegree/deegree3/pull/914  
[11:16] &lt;tfr42&gt; Travis CI passed https://travis-ci.org/deegree/deegree3/builds/461709520  
[11:18] &lt;copierrj&gt; +1  
[11:18] &lt;dstenger&gt; +1  
[11:18] &lt;tfr42&gt; +1  
[11:18] &lt;copierrj&gt; merged  
[11:18] &lt;tfr42&gt; Risk that it can break the build is accepted ;-)  
[11:19] &lt;tfr42&gt; Jenkins build started http://buildserver.deegree.org/job/deegree-3.4-master/161/  
[11:22] &lt;tfr42&gt; https://github.com/deegree/deegree3/pull/692  
[11:27] &lt;copierrj&gt; +1  
[11:27] &lt;dstenger&gt; +1  
[11:27] &lt;tfr42&gt; +1  
[11:27] &lt;copierrj&gt; merged  
[11:29] &lt;copierrj&gt; https://github.com/deegree/deegree3/pull/738  
[11:33] &lt;copierrj&gt; https://github.com/deegree/deegree3/issues/771  
[11:35] &lt;tfr42&gt; let's comment on 771 that we have a remark for improvement  
[11:37] &lt;tfr42&gt; +1  
[11:38] &lt;copierrj&gt; +1  
[11:38] &lt;dstenger&gt; +1  
[11:38] &lt;copierrj&gt; merged  
[11:42] &lt;tfr42&gt; comment in #771 looks good to me  
[11:44] &lt;copierrj&gt; https://github.com/deegree/deegree3/pull/823  
[11:45] &lt;tfr42&gt; requires rebase  
[11:45] &lt;copierrj&gt; https://github.com/deegree/deegree3/pull/921  
[11:47] &lt;copierrj&gt; postpone  
[11:48] &lt;copierrj&gt; https://github.com/deegree/deegree3/pull/923  
[11:49] &lt;tfr42&gt; everyone fine with the changes?  
[11:49] &lt;copierrj&gt; +1  
[11:49] &lt;tfr42&gt; +1  
[11:49] &lt;dstenger&gt; +1  
[11:49] &lt;copierrj&gt; merged  
[11:57] &lt;tfr42&gt; For the records : https://github.com/Microsoft/MixedRealityDesignLabs_Unity/wiki/Contributor-License-Agreement  
[11:57] &lt;tfr42&gt; as an example for an easy to understand contributor license agreement  
[12:00] &lt;tfr42&gt; I do propose to skip the release for today since from a functional perspektive nothing important as been added  
[12:00] &lt;dstenger&gt; +1  
[12:00] &lt;copierrj&gt; +1  
[12:00] &lt;tfr42&gt; only technical changes due to the travis ci issue  
[12:00] &lt;tfr42&gt; next TMC meeting?  
[12:00] &lt;tfr42&gt; 2019-01-11 11-12 CET?  
[12:01] &lt;dstenger&gt; +1  
[12:01] &lt;copierrj&gt; +1  
[12:05] &lt;tfr42&gt; OK  
[12:06] &lt;dstenger&gt; https://fossgis-konferenz.de/2019/  
[12:07] &lt;tfr42&gt; The user meeting has been accepted by the program commitee  
[12:11] &lt;tfr42&gt; https://pretalx.com/fossgis2019/talk/review/KLVVYYEVEC3HQFGVVCN3A3EGCUD7CWSF  
[12:11] &lt;copierrj&gt; bye  
[12:11] &lt;tfr42&gt; bye  
[12:12] &lt;tfr42&gt; thanks  
