---
title: TMC Meeting Minutes 2019-03-29
---

(10:59) - Sie sind nun in #deegree  
(10:59) - Topic: Welcome to deegree, an OSGeo project. Visit the main project page at http://deegree.org and our wiki at http://wiki.deegree.org with lots of extra info. Check out a running system at http://demo.deegree.org and follow us on twitter @deegree_org.  
(10:59) - Das Topic wurde von jmays am 10.11.2010 um 15:03:31 Uhr gesetzt  
(11:03) - copierrj joined  
(11:03) &lt;copierrj&gt;hi  
(11:03) &lt;tfr42&gt;Hi  
(11:03) &lt;tfr42&gt;please join https://hangouts.google.com/call/rS7Ji0FP4wXhI07E16xSAEEI  
(11:03) &lt;StephanR&gt;Hi  
(11:03) &lt;StephanR&gt;Regarding Website and possible blog-view see https://stephanr.github.io/deegree-website/blog/  
(11:04) &lt;tfr42&gt;What is on our agenda for today?  
(11:05) &lt;tfr42&gt;New website for deegree.org  
(11:05) &lt;tfr42&gt;Recent issues regarding 3.4.4. release  
(11:08) &lt;tfr42&gt;FOSS4G conference 2019 in Bucharest  
(11:09) &lt;tfr42&gt;Anything else important for today?  
(11:09) &lt;tfr42&gt;OK  
(11:09) &lt;tfr42&gt;Let's start with the website?  
(11:10) &lt;StephanR&gt;Website Prototype https://stephanr.github.io/deegree-website/  
(11:14) &lt;tfr42&gt;Next steps are  
(11:15) &lt;tfr42>- prepare the for to deegree organisation on github  
(11:15) &lt;StephanR>- Prepare use of deegree.org domain name:  https://help.github.com/en/articles/using-a-custom-domain-with-github-pages  
(11:15) &lt;tfr42>- fill or remove the placeholder text  
(11:15) &lt;tfr42&gt;final enhancements in layout and colour  
(11:16) &lt;StephanR>- use first paragraph of startpage for About this site  
(11:17) &lt;StephanR>- remove rss and atom links (including the backend functions)  
(11:17) &lt;StephanR>- hide sitemap.xml link in the footer  
(11:17) &lt;tfr42>- migrating blog entries to wiki or web page  
(11:19) &lt;StephanR>- rename DankeschÄ‚Â¶n into thank-you  
(11:20) &lt;tfr42>- open an issue in OSGeo SAC trac to change the DNS entry  
(11:22) &lt;StephanR>- reuse the repository https://github.com/deegree/deegree.github.io for the website  
(11:26) &lt;tfr42&gt;Trac to OSGeo SAC - https://trac.osgeo.org/osgeo  
(11:27) &lt;tfr42&gt;Issues regarding 3.4.4  
(11:28) &lt;tfr42&gt;https://github.com/deegree/deegree3/issues/962  
(11:29) &lt;tfr42&gt;and PR https://github.com/deegree/deegree3/pull/965  
(11:30) &lt;copierrj>+1  
(11:30) &lt;StephanR>+1  
(11:30) &lt;tfr42>+1  
(11:31) &lt;copierrj&gt;merged  
(11:31) &lt;tfr42&gt;WIP please have a look on https://github.com/deegree/deegree3/compare/master...tfr42:upgradeLog4j2  
(11:36) &lt;tfr42&gt;shall we keep properties or move to XML?  
(11:36) &lt;tfr42&gt;https://logging.apache.org/log4j/2.x/manual/configuration.html  
(11:39) &lt;copierrj&gt;TMC desided: upgrade to latest log4j but keep log4j.properties as users are used to that format  
(11:40) &lt;copierrj&gt;policy regarding api usage: using log4j api directly still forbidden  
(11:40) &lt;copierrj&gt;people should be able to use the logging system of their own choice  
(11:42) &lt;tfr42&gt;The SNAPSHOT Build is started http://buildserver.deegree.org/job/deegree-3.4-master/171/  
(11:45) - dstenger joined  
(11:46) &lt;copierrj&gt;quick google result: https://github.com/blackears/svgSalamander  
(11:51) &lt;tfr42&gt;New issue added https://github.com/deegree/deegree3/issues/966  
(11:54) &lt;tfr42&gt;FOSS4G 2019 https://2019.foss4g.org/call-for-papers/general-sessions/  
(11:55) &lt;tfr42&gt;There will be a code sprint as usual https://2019.foss4g.org/schedule/code-sprint/  
(11:56) &lt;dstenger&gt;https://wiki.osgeo.org/wiki/OSGeo_Community_Sprint_2019  
(11:58) &lt;tfr42&gt;We will prepare a proposal for a deegree talk  
(11:59) &lt;tfr42&gt;Next TMC meeting?  
(11:59) &lt;tfr42&gt;2019-04-05  
(12:00) &lt;tfr42&gt;Friday, same time 11-12?  
(12:00) &lt;tfr42>+1  
(12:00) &lt;copierrj>+1  
(12:00) &lt;StephanR>+1  
(12:00) &lt;copierrj&gt;bye  
(12:00) &lt;tfr42&gt;bye  
(12:00) &lt;dstenger&gt;bye  
